CERN Open Hardware Licence Version 2 - Permissive

Copyright (c) 2026 ADX Project Contributors

Preamble
CERN has developed this licence to promote collaborating on hardware
designs and the products accomplished using them. You can use it as a
standard template for sharing documents and products, using the
principles of open source hardware.

This licence is available in three variants: CERN-OHL-P (permissive),
CERN-OHL-W (weakly reciprocal) and CERN-OHL-S (strongly reciprocal). It
is located at https://cern-ohl.web.cern.ch and contains the text of
the licence as well as a guide on how to use it.

1 Definitions
1.1 'Licence' means this CERN-OHL-P.
1.2 'Source' means information such as design materials or
    instructions which can be used to make Products, and which is
    specified by the Licensor in accordance with section 3.
1.3 'Covered Source' means Source that is explicitly made available
    under this Licence.
1.4 'Product' means any physical object designed or made using
    Covered Source.
1.5 'Make' means to create or assemble Products after the date of
    this Licence, or to have Products made, by any means, including
    manufacturing, assembling, simulating, testing or modifying
    Products.
1.6 'Notice' means an unambiguous and visible statement that
    identifies the Licensor and the Licence.
1.7 'Licensor' means [ADX Project Contributors], who makes Covered
    Source available under this Licence.
1.8 'Licensee' or 'You' means any person exercising rights under this
    Licence.
1.9 'Compatible Licence' means any licence which has the same effect
    as this Licence and which is listed as such at
    https://cern-ohl.web.cern.ch.

2 Applicability
2.1 This Licence governs the use, copying, modification,
    distribution of Covered Source and the Making of Products. By
    exercising any right granted under this Licence, You agree to be
    bound by its terms.
2.2 This Licence is granted worldwide, royalty-free and
    non-exclusive to any person.
2.3 You may not use, copy, modify, distribute or Make Products under
    this Licence except as expressly permitted by this Licence.

3 Copying, modifying and distributing Covered Source
3.1 You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of Covered Source,
    provided that You keep intact all Notices, and provide a copy of
    this Licence.
3.2 You may modify Covered Source, other than Notices, provided that
    You add Appropriate Notices indicating that You have modified the
    Covered Source.
3.3 You may distribute modified Covered Source, or portions thereof,
    provided that You keep intact all Notices, and provide a copy of
    this Licence.

4 Making Products
You may Make Products, and use, copy, distribute and sell them under
any licence You choose, provided that You keep intact all Notices,
and provide a copy of this Licence.

5 Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
5.1 Covered Source and any Products are provided on an "as is" basis,
    and the Licensor provides no warranty or condition of any kind,
    express or implied, including without limitation any warranty or
    condition of merchantability or fitness for a particular
    purpose.
5.2 The Licensor shall not be liable for any direct, indirect,
    incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages
    (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods
    or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business
    interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability,
    whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including
    negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of
    Covered Source or Products, even if advised of the possibility of
    such damage.
